README.md, before:

# Simple React Firebase Authentication

- This is a simple react firebase authentication project. 
- This project has built using react, vite, firebase, react-router etc.


## Important Notes

- if I set `null` as the initial value of user (like: `const [user, setUser] = useState(null)`), I **can show** user-information using `{user && <p>{user.email}</p>}`

- If I set empty object: `{}` as the initial value of user (like: `const [user, setUser] = useState({})`), I **can not show** user-information using `{user && <p>{user.email}</p>}` because: here, `user means {}` which value is `true`. So, I have to use `user.email && ........`

- using `{}` is better then `null` when I want to access `user.uid` means `{}.uid ==> undefined`, It don't show error. But using `null` shows error when I want to access `user.uid` means `null.uid ==> error`

- In this project using `{}` is not better. Because when user logged out, then `setUser(currentUser) ==> null` user will null. So `{user.uid && <div>........</div>}` shows error. As a result, **initial value of user should be `null`** (like: `const [user, setUser] = useState(null)`) 

### login page
![loginPage](./src/assets/login-page.png)


## Before Login
![beforeLogin](./src/assets/before-login.png)


## After Login
![afterLogin](./src/assets/after-login.png)

Commit message:

completed: applied private routes and added project feature in readme file

README.md, after:

# Simple React Firebase Authentication

- This is a simple react firebase authentication project. 
- This project has built using react, vite, firebase, tailwindcss, daisyui, react-router, react-icons.

## Some features 

- User can login with Google, Github, EmailAndPassword and register with email and password
- Only logged-in user can access private routes (profile and dashboard) etc.
- user's email varification.
- Reset or fogotten password etc.

## Important Notes

- if I set `null` as the initial value of user (like: `const [user, setUser] = useState(null)`), I **can show** user-information using `{user && <p>{user.email}</p>}`

- If I set empty object: `{}` as the initial value of user (like: `const [user, setUser] = useState({})`), I **can not show** user-information using `{user && <p>{user.email}</p>}` because: here, `user means {}` which value is `true`. So, I have to use `user.email && ........`

- using `{}` is better then `null` when I want to access `user.uid` means `{}.uid ==> undefined`, It don't show error. But using `null` shows error when I want to access `user.uid` means `null.uid ==> error`

- In this project using `{}` is not better. Because when user logged out, then `setUser(currentUser) ==> null` user will null. So `{user.uid && <div>........</div>}` shows error. As a result, **initial value of user should be `null`** (like: `const [user, setUser] = useState(null)`) 

### login page
![loginPage](./src/assets/login-page.png)


## Before Login Or Register
![beforeLogin](./src/assets/before-login-or-register.png)


## After Login Or Register
![afterLogin](./src/assets/after-login-or-register.png)
